hey guys just gonna go on and sprinkle
my edit and we're gonna do a bit of Bill
wrapping if he bails just recently got
the thing get Sam McHale and I would
link in description but not got a clue
on there actually um if I can find the
link i'll link in think yeah link our
Lincoln cuz I can find him yeah I'm sure
yeah but I use a spoiler and i'll try
and show you the baby forever long time
and i can't link to that alternate
another link for it but if you go on to
UM deutz-fahr tommo he might tie you're
ready query where it's from the other
one he heals the one you sent at me yeah
it's quite likely because of thee but
yeah it's developer all you have to do
is travel to a bail i'll go into the
cabinet this week for me you gon rock
travail I got my loads up and then it's
quite cold a lot I'll quite like it not
wrap it for you
that'sthat's playful and then once it's
done watching enough you'll end up like
lat all you do is press 0 and it will
chop it up for you and you carry on up
to next meal and then wrap it again you
get a nice little load of thing for ism
I'm sure if from the app and outside
view see an outside view don't white you
just call it available looks nicer I
don't I don't think it turns the silage
can get to season say because this is
these are emails because the baby that I
got don't do silage
Oh find one yeah this is how much is
what I just got on the fault they're
mine is quite good Bailey technology
that's the Baylor class that's quite
cool might not got create a link but if
you gon do it so I Tommy's channel he
might if you email uma might clear so
it's very second round and it's mkai
1998 square baler get a nice little of
it front loader don't slit and then so
you hit quite long yeah so oh and also
and find it now the thing like the front
loader there's this this is also a great
mod might be in over one of our videos
but it's a fork bell fork and you can
lift like stacks of free high so it
stacks are free and then you can just
like piccolo develops round square I
think you can also pick up pallets and
sort of it yeah this is the baler
so this is only a square baler will do
one more and then I think I no longer
video because they won't take long to
upload and then yep so please like and
subscribe and I'll try and link this in
to the description if not if I don't
think it please comment underneath and
I'll only tell you sending link just
yeah so that's it from me mr. melody
hopefully videos will be up soon zip